hey whats up guys I'm Lisa mille ambrie
and sadly today is the last day at PAX
but I'm going to make the most of it and
play some games that i haven't had a
chance to play yet follow me
dude what's going on over here looks
like far cry's giving away our pregame
if you get a haircut oh that's awesome
and you're gonna do it hey I never
played the game before my life free
haircuts free game why not right that's
what tax is all about I get the more I
got awesome alright man well good luck
so i just got done playing far cry 3 it
was amazing I got to ride a hang glider
it felt real and I took over enemy
territory and killed a bear who does
that in FarCry street you can let's go
check out the next
so i just got done playing is honored
and there are so many cool powers you
can teleport if the possess people's
brain you can even summon the rest to
eat your dead body in the rest
you
oh my gosh oh it other one oh my god now
what's going on I just got them playing
aliens colonial Marines the first time
they're showing up as new multiplayer
mode called escape where you're just
trying to survive each other you plays
aliens or Marines which is what I play
dads and right around my shotgun
shooting aliens of alien guts all over
me I need to take shower
Master Chief always gets the ladies well
there you have it guys pax 2012 has
officially come to a close I had a great
time hanging out with some really cool
people playing some awesome games and
overall Ted blast I hope you guys did
too I'm Lisa mille ambrie and i'll see
you guys next time